Murder, kill
I don't have anyone to save you now.
Don't you know what's going on?
Who are you?
What do you have to do with TM taking orders?
Don't talk about the Chen family
Even if Tianwang Lao Tzu comes today, he can't stop me
Don't you like to make people despair?
Today I will show you what despair is
Uh-huh.
Ahhhh!
Ah!
What does the gasoline taste like?
I was wrong, I was wrong, don't kill me.
I don't want to burn.
I say I say
The grandson of the Big Three
It's unspeakable in the face of life and death
I say I say
He is now in a high-end private hospital in Mia
It's just that you're too late now
It's too late.
Why is it too late?
Say what you don't want to say
Do you want to taste gasoline?
I made your life worse than death